[DOC] single pass counter collection (#95)
ROCm/rocm-systems: projects/rocprofiler-compute/CHANGELOG.md

* Show description of metrics during analysis
  * Use `--include-cols Description` to show the Description column, which is excluded by default from the
  ROCm Compute Profiler CLI output.

> * Add `--set` in profile mode to enable single pass counter collection for predefined subsets of metrics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--set` filtering option in profile mode to enable single-pass counter collection for predefined subsets of metrics.
```

> * Add `--list-sets` in profile mode to list the sets available for single pass counter collection

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--list-sets` filtering option in profile mode to list the sets available for single pass counter collection
```
